Enable Authenticating with Azure with Certificates using Azure SDK for Go's Generic NewDefaultAzureCredential (#1694)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/hypershift/enable-azure-creds-via-cert.md

## Motivation

In production, Azure Red Hat OpenShift (ARO) Hosted Control Plane (HCP), operators running in the control plane need to
authenticate using Azure managed identities, backed by certificates, to communicate with cloud services. In the 
meantime, ARO HCP will use Service Principal, backed by certificates, for development and testing. 

In contrast, the same operators running on the data plane/guest cluster side use workload identity authentication.

### User Stories

* [Explore enable getting AzureCreds via cert using generic NewDefaultAzureCredential](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/HOSTEDCP-1994)

### Goals

* Agreement from ingress, image registry, network, and storage representatives on a standard approach to authenticate with Azure for ARO HCP.

### Non-Goals

N/A

## Proposal

We propose updating the Azure API authentication methods in image registry, ingress, cloud network config, and storage 
operators to use the using Azure SDK for Go's generic function [NewDefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/4ebe2fa68c8f9f0a0737d4569810525b4ac45834/sdk/azidentity/default_azure_credential.go#L63).

> This function walks through creating a valid Azure credential chain used to authenticate with Azure API based on what
> environment variables are set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function walks through a chain of Azure authentication types, using environment variables, Instance Metadata Service (IMDS), or a file on the local filesystem to authenticate with the Azure API.  
```

nit: it's not just environment variable based. It also walks through Managed Identity credentials using IMDS endpoint, a local file on your filesystem for azure-cli credential auth, etc.

### Goals

* Agreement from ingress, image registry, network, and storage representatives on a standard approach to authenticate with Azure for ARO HCP.

### Non-Goals

N/A

## Proposal

We propose updating the Azure API authentication methods in image registry, ingress, cloud network config, and storage 
operators to use the using Azure SDK for Go's generic function [NewDefaultAzureCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/4ebe2fa68c8f9f0a0737d4569810525b4ac45834/sdk/azidentity/default_azure_credential.go#L63).
This function walks through a chain of Azure authentication types, using environment variables, Instance Metadata Service (IMDS), or a file on the local filesystem to authenticate with the Azure API.  

HyperShift would pass the following environment variables - AZURE_CLIENT_ID, AZURE_TENANT_ID, and 
AZURE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH - to its deployments of image registry, ingress, cloud network config, and storage 
operators (azure-file and azure-disk) on the hosted control plane. Each of these components would then pass these  

> variables along to NewDefaultAzureCredential.

Reviewer 2: When configured with workload identity, the image registry operator will configure the image registry in a similar fashion ([source](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-image-registry-operator/blob/master/pkg/storage/azure/azure.go?plain=1#L480-L490)).
Do we need to consider this when changing the operator code to use these env vars? In other words, do we also want the image registry to authenticate using this proposed mechanism?

Author: Yeah probably so. On ARO HCP, on the HCP side image registry will authenticate with the cert method, while the operand would use workload identity.
